eighty-eight percent of Congress
stands for election every two
years
eighty-eight percent president
stand for election every four
years
space missions
require planning budget cycle in
planning
R&D development and execution
that last
way longer in these political
cycle
these political whims and so
we need a way to assure
continuity mission statement for
nasa regardless of what happens
in the white house pro-child
and that's a challenge it means
now a president might wanna
promise
it something
in the future twenty years from
now but is that president still
president twenty years from now
no
is their budget line
corresponding to that now no was
in mean
to promise IDE these are the
challenges
masood been that but for our so
I think in the end them mission
at nasa rest with you later
as we all want to go into space
for reasons that you would I
think after just 25 years old
I can help you do that but I'm
knockin twist your arm
I'm sweatin alert you because up
the
consequences of inaction
consequences are action
and what they can do for us but
then you decide is a free
country
you decide it won't matter what
one person thinks relative to
the
next one will be electing people
into power
wall share this vision just not
yet one with this president
thinks about the reason
I will know when the president
will think about the vision
because
we voted for that person to
enter office
on a platform that embraced
space exploration
from the beginning